Murano
Murano is a series of islands linked by bridges in the Venetian Lagoon, northern Italy.It is famous for its glass making. It was once an independent comune, but is now a frazione of the comune of Venice.
穆拉諾島
穆拉諾是義大利威尼斯潟湖中的一個島，以製造色彩斑斕的穆拉諾玻璃器皿而聞名於世。
1291年威尼斯共和國擔心玻璃廠的爐火會引起布滿木屋的威尼斯城發生火災，下令威尼斯的所有玻璃廠遷往穆拉諾，從此奠定作穆拉諾成為七彩玻璃製造業的中心。14世紀時，穆拉諾開始出口玻璃製品，以其玻璃珠、玻璃鏡子和玻璃吊燈聞名。

Burano
Burano is an island in the Venetian Lagoon, northern Italy; like Venice itself, it could more correctly be called an archipelago of four islands linked by bridges. It is known for its lace work and brightly coloured homes.
Main sights
Burano is also known for its small, brightly painted houses, which are popular with artists. The colours of the houses follow a specific system originating from the golden age of its development; if someone wishes to paint their home, one must send a request to the government, who will respond by making notice of the certain colours permitted for that lot.
布拉諾島
布拉諾島是義大利威尼斯潟湖上的島嶼，以蕾絲紡織聞名於世。
布拉諾島上色彩繽紛的房屋。

Venice
Venice is a city in northeastern Italy and the capital of the Veneto region. It is situated across a group of 117 small islands that are separated by canals and linked by bridges. Parts of Venice are renowned for the beauty of their settings, their architecture, and artwork. The lagoon and a part of the city are listed as a World Heritage Site.
Venice is a city of small islands, enhanced during the Middle Ages by the dredging of soils to raise the marshy ground above the tides. The resulting canals encouraged the flourishing of a nautical culture which proved central to the economy of the city. Today those canals still provide the means for transport of goods and people within the city.
威尼斯
威尼斯市區涵蓋義大利東北部亞得里亞海沿岸的威尼斯潟湖的118個島嶼和鄰近一個半島。
威尼斯曾經是威尼斯共和國的中心，十字軍進行十字軍東征時也曾在這裡集結，而且也是13世紀至17世紀末一個非常重要的商業（尤其是香料貿易、糧食與毛皮貿易）與藝術重鎮。
威尼斯的水道舉世知名。潟湖上的118座群島約由150條水道交織而成。構成威尼斯的島嶼約擁有400座橋樑。在古老的城市中心，運河取代了公路的功能，所以主要的交通模式是步行與水上交通。中心舊市區街道狹窄，為步行區，是歐洲最大的無汽車地區。在21世紀，這座無車都市是相當獨特的。目前聖塔露西亞車站則是威尼斯唯一的鐵路車站。
「貢多拉」是威尼斯最具代表性和道統的水上代步小船。但現今威尼斯人通常會使用較為經濟的水上巴士（vaporetti）穿行市內主要水道和威尼斯的其他小島。

Piazza San Marco
is the principal public square of Venice, Italy, where it is generally known just as la Piazza ("the Square"). All other urban spaces in the city (except the Piazzetta and the Piazzale Roma) are called campi ("fields"). 
The two spaces together form the social, religious and political centre of Venice and are commonly considered together. This article relates to both of them.
聖馬可廣場
在威尼斯，聖馬可廣場是唯一被稱為「Piazza」的廣場，其他的廣場無論大小皆被稱為「Campi」。聖馬可廣場在歐洲城市的廣場中是獨一無二的，它座落在市中心，卻不像其他廣場那樣受到交通的喧鬧，這歸功於威尼斯寧靜的水路交通。
聖馬可廣場的南側有一座附屬的小廣場，小廣場南臨威尼斯大運河敞口的潟湖，河邊有兩根威尼斯著名的白色石柱，一根柱子上雕刻的是威尼斯的守護神聖狄奧多，另一根柱子上雕刻有威尼斯另一位守護神聖馬可的飛獅，這兩根石柱是威尼斯官方城門，威尼斯的貴賓都從石柱中間進入城市。這裡也曾經是威尼斯執行死刑的地方。
Rialto Bridge
The Rialto Bridge (Italian: Ponte di Rialto) is one of the four bridges spanning the Grand Canal in Venice, Italy. It is the oldest bridge across the canal, and was the dividing line for the districts of San Marco and San Polo.
嘆息橋是密封式拱橋建築，由內向外望只能通過橋上的小窗子。嘆息橋的兩端連接法院與監獄兩處，死囚通過此橋之時，常是行刑前的一刻，因感嘆即將結束的人生而得名；是威尼斯最著名的橋樑之一。
The Doge's Palace (Italian: Palazzo Ducale) is a palace built in Venetian Gothic style, and one of the main landmarks of the city of Venice in northern Italy. The palace was the residence of the Doge of Venice, the supreme authority of the former Republic of Venice, opening as a museum in 1923. 
總督宮（義大利語：Palazzo Ducale），是一座位於義大利威尼斯的哥德式建築，往昔為政府機關與法院，亦是威尼斯總督的住處。總督宮南面為威尼斯潟湖，西面為聖馬可廣場，北面為聖馬可教堂。

The Basilica di San Giovanni e Paolo, known in Venetian as San Zanipolo, is a church in the Castello sestiere of Venice, Italy.
One of the largest churches in the city, it has the status of a minor basilica. After the 15th century the funeral services of all of Venice's doges were held here, and twenty-five doges are buried in the church.
聖若望及保祿大殿（義大利語：Basilica di San Giovanni e Paolo），是威尼斯最大的教堂之一，具有天主教宗座聖殿的地位。這是一座巨大的義大利哥德式磚砌建築物，是威尼斯主要的道明會教堂，為向大批信徒講道之用。

San Giorgio Maggiore
San Giorgio Maggiore is one of the islands of Venice, northern Italy, lying east of the Giudecca and south of the main island group.San Giorgio Maggiore is now the headquarters of the Cini Foundation arts centre, known for its library and is also home to the Teatro Verde open-air theatre.
聖喬治·馬焦雷島
San Giorgio Maggiore is a 16th-century Benedictine church on the island of the same name in Venice, northern Italy, designed by Andrea Palladio, and built between 1566 and 1610. The church is a basilica in the classical renaissance style and its brilliant white marble gleams above the blue water of the lagoon opposite the Piazzetta and forms the focal point of the view from every part of the Riva degli Schiavoni.
聖喬治馬焦雷教堂（義大利語：Basilica di San Giorgio Maggiore）是義大利威尼斯一座教堂，位於聖喬治·馬焦雷島（San Giorgio Maggiore）上，由義大利文藝復興時期的知名建築師安德烈·帕拉迪歐（Andrea Palladio）所設計。因為面對著聖馬可地區，所以從聖馬可廣場可以清楚的眺望聖喬治馬焦雷教堂的全景。
